Add documentation to use google pubsub as default messaging middlewar… (#4405)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/event-bus/08-01-configure-default-channelprovisioner.md

---
title: Configure default ClusterChannelProvisioner
type: Details
---

> # Overview

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Kyma comes with NATSS as its default ClusterChannelProvisioner.  You can see the configuration details in the [default-channel-webhook](../../resources/knative-eventing/charts/knative-eventing/templates/eventing.yaml) ConfigMap. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma comes with NATS Streaming as its default ClusterChannelProvisioner. You can see the configuration details in the [`default-channel-webhook`](../../resources/knative-eventing/charts/knative-eventing/templates/eventing.yaml) ConfigMap. 
```

> As an operator, it is possible to use a different messaging middleware other than NATS Streaming for Kyma eventing. This is achieved by configuring a ClusterChannelProvisioner which will connect to the running messaging middleware. Then next would be to configure the `default-channel-webhook` to use that particular ClusterChannelProvisioner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use a different messaging middleware, other than NATS Streaming, as the Kyma eventing operator. 
To achieve that, configure:
- A ClusterChannelProvisioner that connects with the running messaging middleware 
- The `default-channel-webhook` to use that particular ClusterChannelProvisioner
```

> Below are some examples and their configuration details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read about the examples and the configuration details. 
```

> ### In-memory-channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## In-memory channel
```

> Follow this [guide](https://github.com/knative/eventing/tree/master/config/provisioners/in-memory-channel) to to add an in-memory ClusterChannelProvisioner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow this [guide](https://github.com/knative/eventing/tree/master/config/provisioners/in-memory-channel) to add an in-memory ClusterChannelProvisioner.
```

```

> You can change the default cluster channel provisioner by editing the ClusterChannelProvisioner entry in the `default-channel-webhook` ConfigMap. For an example of the in-memory-channel ClusterChannelProvisioner configuration, see [this file](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/master/config/400-default-channel-config.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the default cluster channel provisioner by editing the ClusterChannelProvisioner entry in the `default-channel-webhook` ConfigMap. For an example of the in-memory ClusterChannelProvisioner configuration, see [this file](https://github.com/knative/eventing/blob/master/config/400-default-channel-config.yaml).
```

> ### Google PubSub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Google PubSub
```

> * Follow the [prereqisite steps](https://github.com/knative/eventing/tree/release-0.5/contrib/gcppubsub/config#prerequisites) mentioned in the Knative eventing documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete the [prereqisite steps](https://github.com/knative/eventing/tree/release-0.5/contrib/gcppubsub/config#prerequisites) mentioned in the Knative eventing documentation, follow these steps to configure the Google PubSub ClusterChannelProvisioner:
```

    > **NOTE:** Skip the last step to install `Knative eventing` as it is pre-installed with Kyma.

> * Deploy the Google PubSub ClusterChannelProvisioner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Deploy the Google PubSub ClusterChannelProvisioner:
```

    ```bash
    sed "s/REPLACE_WITH_GCP_PROJECT/$PROJECT_ID/" ./assets/gcppubsub.yaml | kubectl apply -f -
    ```

> * Change the `name` value under `clusterdefault` in `default-channel-webhook` ConfigMap in knative-eventing namespace to `gcp-pubsub`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In  the `default-channel-webhook` located in the `knative-eventing` Namespace, change the value of the **data.default-channel-config.clusterdefault.name** parameter to `gcp-pubsub`.
```

    ```bash
    kubectl -n knative-eventing edit configmaps default-channel-webhook
    ```

> After the change, the ConfigMap should look similiar to the below definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the change, the ConfigMap should have the following definition:
```
